( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
=Lady Liberty=
=Episode 33=
You're here all alone, reminiscing?
First time going through
something like this?
It's like your first breakup
or your first divorce.
There's always a period like this
when you can't catch your breath
and your mind won't settle.
That's normal.
Right?
Just yesterday,
this place was still full of people,
busy running around here.
Then, all of a sudden,
it turned quiet overnight.
Anyone would feel awful after that.
Next time you go through
something like this,
you'll feel much better about it.
That's just life.
Ups and downs, rises and falls.
No peak is impossible to reach,
and no step is impossible
to come down from.
I've already arranged everything
for my staff and authors.
There isn't any step
I must come down from.
What about you?
Where's your step?
Zhanqiao,
we're all adults.
As competitors,
yes, sometimes,
we fight tooth and nail.
But in private,
there's no personal grudge between us.
You admit that, don't you?
I have always admired you.
That's why I keep inviting you
to join Dingqi.
I've lost count
of how many times it's been.
This time,
I'm still inviting you sincerely.
Don't worry.
The offer
will be much better than Zhao Lanxin's.
Then, I'll turn you down one more time.
You already have plans?
Can you tell me?
Not for now.
You've written too much.
Leave more blank space.
Give them some room to imagine.
Alright.
Finish it first.
I'll read it after that.
Alright. Go ahead and get busy.
You've been waiting long?
How did you know?
I saw your car.
The lecture was pretty good.
But if you ask me,
you speak less well than you write.
Of course.
But compared to writing novels,
teaching is less stressful.
And classes start
and end at fixed times.
It's not as tiring
as driving for a ride-hailing service.
Selling courses online
and teaching offline...
How much can that really make?
Much more than I need.
Go ahead.
What did you come all this way for?
You really don't plan
to write novels anymore?
No.
Isn't quitting
while I'm ahead a good thing?
Walking away at the peak is pretty wise.
If I keep writing, people
will just say I've lost my talent.
Find someone to help you with it.
Get another editor?
Dai Shan, and Lin Zhanqiao.
I've already worked
with the two best editors
in the industry. Who else is there?
It doesn't have to be an editor.
A team?
Give me a break.
I write novels, not TV dramas.
There are three authors here.
Three different genres.
Different writing styles.
The newcomers you found?
You didn't even write down their name.
Does the secrecy really need
to be this extreme?
Read them first.
Call me after you finish reading,
then we'll talk.
I'm leaving.
Take a look.
(I Sell Pancakes in a Paranormal World)
(Tracing Back)
(Trails of the Unorthodox)
This way, ma'am.
Thank you.
Morning, Mr. Cai.
You're here.
Done handling the company's affairs?
Only Zhangzhu's left.
I'm sorry.
I couldn't give Zhangzhu
a better future.
It's alright.
Did you know Zhangzhu
wants to be a writer?
I'm just a labor contractor.
If my daughter's dream
is to become a writer,
what future could be better than that?
Come on, have a look around.
This place
is a little too expensive for me.
Just take a look around.
At this stage, I think
it's better to look without buying.
When you're at a low point,
I wouldn't recommend buying a house.
But you can still look around more.
See what kind of place you want.
Because the kind of house you choose
is the kind of life
you'll have in the future.
For now, just rent a place
or stay in a hotel for a while.
Tell yourself it's only temporary.
It'll pass eventually.
Thank you.
Taking time out
of your busy schedule to comfort me.
Everyone goes through rough patches.
Using our resources
to support each other a little
is a pretty good tradition.
Let me say this again.
People are social creatures.
We need to talk to each other,
need each other,
and rely on each other.
I don't agree with
always talking about independence,
taking everything on yourself,
and handling it all alone.
Call me when you have time.
I'll show you
some other developments too.
So you can picture yourself
in a different future.
Who knows,
you might be moved by one of them?
Was that a property sales pitch?
Not just for selling property.
If,
and I mean if,
I could be part of your future,
I'd be more than happy to.
Also,
no matter what the situation is,
I can handle it.
But don't feel pressured.
I'm just giving you another option.
Thank you.
But I probably
won't choose that option.
Alright.
That's okay.
But no matter what,
He Han can't be your only option, right?
That doesn't really count as an option.
More like a footnote.
Under my profile,
there were never
any options to begin with.
Zhou Mei, you're here.
Come.
I'll sit here instead.
What would you like to drink?
No need.
Where are my mom and her lawyer?
I've been calling her the whole time,
but she won't answer.
Zhou Mei.
Hello, Mr. Zhou.
Hello.
Don't tell me you're the lawyer
my mom hired?
Where is she?
She left Shanghai.
She asked me to handle
the house matter for her.
Although this isn't my specialty,
she asked me for help,
and I was glad to help.
It's no trouble at all.
She contacted you?
I've always kept in touch
with your mother.
Zhou Mei's mother agreed
to split the house payment
equally with you, Mr. Zhou.
It's that simple?
That was my condition from the start.
But her?
For 20 years,
she refused to budge.
She had her reasons for not giving in.
She thought if she kept the house,
you'd still come back and live there.
Now she doesn't have
that concern anymore.
So, there isn't a problem anymore.
If neither of you has any objections,
I'll help handle the contract afterward.
I don't have any objections.
The sooner, the better.
Hopefully, I can get
the money this month,
so I'll still have time
to invest in a new project.
Dad.
Zhou Mei,
I know what you're going to say.
But I'm just a businessman.
I never really cared about living out
my later years in comfort.
The only thing I enjoy
is doing business.
If a deal fails,
I'll accept it.
But...
as long as I still have money,
I'll keep taking my shot.
Alright then.
You can stay
at my house
until the payment comes through.
Thank you.
It's been a long time since we last met.
Yeah.
How's the new law firm?
Really good.
The more industries transform,
the better business gets for us.
And now, I'm making a lot of money.
I can tell just by looking at you.
Heading to the office? I'll drive you.
Sure.
Let me move my things so you can sit.
Got a new car?
This car of yours
is already better than Lawyer Bei's.
Things really have changed a lot.
Yeah.
I used to think
becoming someone important
was like climbing a mountain,
slowly making your way up step by step.
Your salary goes from
a few thousand to tens of thousands.
But later I realized
that once you get an opportunity,
your income
starts growing exponentially.
From tens of thousands
to hundreds of thousands,
millions, even tens of millions.
Of course, I haven't gotten there yet.
But I've already figured out the trick.
For a very long time,
the mentor and his wife seemed like
they still hadn't processed it.
As if nothing had happened
to the family at all.
Everything stayed the same as always.
Until the day Bu Xi
left the Yan family,
she deliberately chose
a drizzly evening
because there were fewer people around.
The Su family sent a sedan
to pick Bu Xi up.
Only her mother was in the car.
Though she looked worn with worry,
you could still sense
her composure
and restraint.
What are you reading?
A new book by the Guangzhou
writer Zhang Xin.
The author of Foxtrot Murder?
My mom used to
watch TV adaptations
of her novels all the time.
You said on the phone she
wouldn't be doing the surgery anymore.
What do you mean?
The doctor came to see me this morning.
He asked me to discuss with you
whether we should consider surgery.
The success rate
of this surgery isn't very high.
But if we don't do it,
the gastric lymphoma has already spread.
The doctor said
anytime she would...
What are we supposed to do now?
The doctor said
there are very limited
treatment options left.
A lot of the treatments
your mother needs,
her body can no longer handle.
I need to ask around again myself.
I'll ask them
if there are
any similar cases before this.
The odds aren't high.
But exactly how low are they?
I already told the doctor
we're not doing the surgery anymore.
Why?
Didn't the doctor say
you should discuss it with me?
You never discussed it with me.
Your mother once told me
that if she could still move and speak,
whether to undergo surgery
or intubation would be her own decision.
But if she could no longer
move or speak,
her decision would be
not to do surgery or intubation.
I still need to ask around again myself.
Let's talk after I get a clear answer.
Stop asking.
The more you ask,
the more you will hesitate,
and it'll make the decision even harder.
But what if?
What if there's still a chance?
At my age,
if the person lying here
right now were me,
I think I would make
the same decision as your mother.
Yes, you think you would,
but that's only your own perspective.
Aren't you projecting
your own feelings onto her?
But who doesn't do that?
So now,
we just sit here and watch her leave?
Don't be too upset.
As parents,
no matter when,
we never want our children
to be upset because of us.
We only hope
they can live easily and happily.
As for this matter,
the first reaction of her father,
Su Dakuo, was fury.
After calming down,
he wanted Bu Xi
to remain with the Yan family
and tell everyone
that Yan Zheng
had gone away to study again.
At least this way, they could save face.
For once, her mother
threatened him with her life.
She said,
Bu Xi is only 22 years old.
How is she supposed
to live the rest of her life?
Is men's pride
really worth ruining
their daughter's entire life?
I am taking my daughter home with me.
You can divorce me if you want.
I'll take my daughter
back to my family home.
My father isn't like you.
He would feel sorry for his daughter.
When I got married, my father told me,
"There's a rice shop under your name.
If Su Dakuo ever mistreats you,
come home immediately.
Your maiden family
is your last source of support."
I've finished reading them.
All three were pretty good.
Not just pretty good,
but they were excellent.
Don't tell me who wrote them yet.
Let me guess.
One of them should be
by a new writer, right?
The other two aren't.
The one... Trails?
Even though it's a male-oriented story,
the author should be a woman, right?
And the last one,
Tracing Back.
I think out of the three,
that's the best-written one.
They wouldn't even need to work with me.
They could climb
the rankings on their own.
There's more than just three.
There's more.
There's more than just these three?
How many more do you have?
As many as you want.
(Zhanqiao)
Hello?
Your friend drank quite a lot over here.
You're here.
Now you're the one not drinking,
and she's started drinking instead.
What's wrong with you?
Why are you drinking here?
I used to have work the next day,
so I didn't dare drink.
I was afraid I wouldn't
get up the next morning.
But now,
there's nothing left
to keep me busy anyway.
So I figured I'd drink a little
to help me sleep.
Alcohol really is a strange thing.
Some people never drink,
and suddenly one day,
they start drinking.
Thanks.
And some people always drink,
and suddenly one day,
they stop drinking.
That's why everyone's turning point
is different.
I really don't get it.
Who are you replying to?
The company's gone.
Who are you even emailing?
My lawyer.
What lawyer?
Even though Chenxing has shut down,
it still
hasn't officially dissolved.
So technically,
I still have some money coming in.
It's Gu Yan's breach
of contract payment.
But right now,
the lawsuit still isn't over,
so...
I haven't received the money yet.
What are you planning
to do once you get it?
Probably two options.
First,
start all over again.
Get back up where I fell.
After all, I've already
gone through one failure.
So,
I should do better
the second time around.
And the other option?
These past few years,
overseas online fiction
has been growing incredibly fast.
But it still
hasn't reached a real scale,
and when it comes to developing writers,
it's always lagging behind.
So actually, Ma and I
have already been in touch.
He's been working in this field
for many years already.
You're going to Los Angeles?
You could say that's one option.
But the prerequisite
is that I need to settle things
for my parents first.
If you were to rebuild Chenxing,
would you still do things
the same way as before,
finding writers
and developing content yourself?
I think there'd
be a bit more flexibility now.
(There's more than just these three?)
(How many more do you have?)
As many as you want.
Wait, what do you mean?
Where are you finding so many people?
They're not people.
They're written by AI.
Give it one idea,
and within ten minutes,
it'll give you ten settings.
Give it one setting,
and within half an hour,
it'll produce an outline for you.
Who can outwrite something like that?
(So?)
(The assistant I found
for you isn't bad, right?)
If I invited you
to start over with me,
would you come?
No.
And I think you should stop too.
If you go overseas
and expand the market now,
you'll probably
have a better future there.
Why are you laughing?
I'm laughing at myself.
She gave you two choices
because she wanted you to choose her.
You should understand that, right?
Alright.
You really hurt her feelings this time.
I was doing it for her own good.
She's a grown woman. She doesn't
need you deciding what's best for her.
I'm telling you,
when she said
starting the company over again,
that part was fake.
Starting over with you
was the real part.
Alright then.
You've rejected her this time.
You really
are...
(I Sell Pancakes in a Paranormal World.
I. World-building)
(Trails of the Unorthodox
I. World-building and Story Background)
(Shanghai Lingqi Entertainment
Information Technology Co., Ltd.)
I've never heard
of the company you mentioned.
That doesn't matter.
You'll know about it soon enough.
Of course I'm one of the people
who least want this industry to change.
After all, I haven't enjoyed
this room enough yet.
I almost forgot.
This room should
feel familiar to you, right?
The people who sit in this room
always get the news first.
They turn around
before anyone else does.
The people who get the information first
are the ones who stay unbeatable.
Have you met Mr. Fan yet?
He'll come see me.
All I can say is
I'll keep an eye on the information
you mentioned today.
Stay in touch with me anytime.
A wise man
knows when to adapt.
By the way,
I should thank you too,
for making time to see me this late.
I arranged to meet you at this hour
because I didn't want the others
at the company seeing us.
I understand.
I'm leaving.
(Trails of the Unorthodox)
(Tracing Back)
(I Sell Pancakes in a Paranormal World)
You're back so late.
Did you go to the hospital?
Mei,
I probably can't keep living
in the place Cai Dezhang rented
for us long-term anymore.
I'm planning
to leave Shanghai.
You went to see He Han?
What did he say?
He didn't plan on
getting back together with me.
So, you're saying
you told him
you wanted to start over
and he turned you down?
Did he say why?
No future.
No prospects.
I used to think
he just wasn't very good
at expressing his feelings.
I thought he was
giving up on himself
while waiting for you to go back to him.
I didn't expect...
I was the one
being sentimental all by myself.
So now I...
I'm planning
to find a hotel near my mom's hospital
and stay there for now.
I can go back home.
You don't need to worry about me.
My dad will move out
once he gets the housing payment.
Have you seen your mom yet?
No.
So only Zhang Yousen knows
where your mom lives?
In Guizhou.
But he didn't tell me
the exact location.
Who would've thought
that with technology this advanced,
we would be
daughters who can't even
reach our own mothers?
If you move abroad,
will your dad go with you?
I want to bring him with me.
I just hope he'll agree.
If he doesn't,
I can take care of him.
She suddenly remembered
that soul-shaking dinner
at Yuxian Pavilion.
Thankfully, the copied
ancient painting on the wall
softened the tension.
Sometimes, elegance
only needs the slightest touch.
Xinjiao slowly spread out
her brush and ink
and copied down a poem by Sun Guangxian,
Shangxing Cup.
Silken robes in sorrow,
the pipes and strings choke with grief.
Parting again,
the sail's shadow fades away.
River waves gleam white as snow.
She thought...
(Like Wind, Like Jade)
this is how people...
end up drifting apart...
(- He Han!)
(Thank you, everyone.)
♪My heart is beating still♪
♪Sometimes I feel alone♪
♪But love should not be frail♪
♪Is there a spell♪
♪That lies inside my head♪
♪Stand naked and haunted♪
♪If there's a way♪
If I invited you
to start over with me,
would you come?
♪I guess♪
♪It's rising from my silence♪
♪I'm nothing but the one♪
♪Who paints the blue sky♪
♪With all of my tears♪
♪And past pain♪
♪I'd still try♪
You're eating way too much.
Do you really need to eat this much?
I have two kids.
I need more high-quality protein.
Milk is a high-quality protein too.
So right now,
this is the most important thing
to you, right?
You,
my children,
Ling Yikai, and Colorful Culture Media
are all equally important.
Download this app.
Lingqi?
(Lingqi Reading)
A new app that's gaining momentum fast.
Its main focus is free reading.
Mr. Fan's ex-wife started it.
Is there also AI writing?
I'm not sure.
How do you know about it?
I heard about it.
I believe AI can write.
But writing well?
I don't buy it.
A collaboration between humans and AI.
Experienced writers using AI as support.
That should be the idea behind it.
If they poach you, will you go?
Depends on the offer.
Wasn't I poached by you too?
You can't be that heartless.
You taught me that.
They already approached you?
No.
Good thing Zhangzhu went away
for training these few days.
Otherwise, the three of us
wouldn't even have a place to stay.
I just want to finish moving all this
before Zhangzhu comes back.
If I hadn't moved,
I would've never realized
I had this much stuff.
Other people don't seem
to have this much stuff.
Who are the other people?
He Han?
Yeah.
Look at him moving between hotels.
He just picks up
and leaves whenever he wants.
He throws away
things he doesn't want anymore
without hesitation.
How carefree.
Aren't you just moving a few boxes too?
One car
probably won't even fit all of my stuff.
If you don't need something,
throw it away.
If there's nothing you can do
about something, let it go.
If there's no fate between people,
then part ways.
It's all the same logic.
That sounded pretty good.
(Year 2015)
♪If I can't have love,
then I'll choose to leave♪
See, if I keep typing
with my thumb every day,
will it suddenly stop working
and become useless one day?
♪Better to part
without winners or losers♪
Probably not.
But it might get bigger.
Use it or lose it, right?
Really?
But it still seems fine right now.
♪I should learn to let go♪
You're so silly.
"It's huge."
"My thumb's huge."
♪After giving everything,
I couldn't wait any longer♪
(You could write on a computer.)
(Everyone uses laptops to write now.)
(No way.)
(Laptops are heavy. You
have to carry them around every day.)
(Using a phone is way more convenient.
I can pull it out and edit anytime.)
♪Why bother confessing♪
♪Or thinking about what to say♪
♪It's none of my concern♪
♪Even if it's unraveled♪
♪It had fallen apart♪
♪Endless dependence♪
♪I really miss♪
♪All the beautiful moments together♪
(Phantom Knight)
(Year 2014)
♪Why be overly generous♪
♪Beyond the limits of endurance♪
♪Living in humble silence♪
♪Who is it within the crowd♪
(Phantom Knight)
How is it?
♪Who wasted their time waiting
for the wrong person♪
♪In despair♪
♪Saving the love you once gave me♪
♪I don't need your pity♪
(I've been thinking.)
(Everyone's most comfortable level of intimacy)
(is probably different.)
♪If the sky♪
♪And the sea♪
♪Turned upside down♪
♪If a swimming fish♪
♪Fell in love with a flying bird♪
♪If back then♪
♪We had never let go♪
♪We wouldn't be lost in the crowd♪
♪We met in a thirteenth month♪
♪Held each other in a fifth season♪
♪And found our way back whole♪
♪So let this surging love♪
♪Rise like tides that never fall♪
♪If we're caught in a pouring rain♪
♪That's alright♪
♪If we're buried♪
♪By passing years all the better♪
♪At least we still can keep♪
♪This one eternal photograph♪
♪We're on misaligned tracks♪
♪Running in opposite ways♪
♪Searching all along the way♪
♪For the fire of our younger hearts♪
♪And the beauty lost in time♪
♪This time don't lose each other again♪
♪Only after loss♪
♪Do we learn what truly matters most♪
♪In another time and space♪
♪We'll stay and walk together♪
♪Till we grow old♪
♪But still the sky will never♪
♪Turn with the sea♪
♪But still a swimming fish won't♪
♪Fall in love with a flying bird♪